Today is the birthday of the astronaut
I have to surprise him
Hello aerospace
I'm here. I can't eat with you
All right.
How about that bumpkin believe it?
Don't worry baby
Mingwei that simp has always been obedient to me
Jiang Yuhang
Why are you with Wei Jinyue?
Now that you have discovered
Let's break up.
break up
I went into history right out of graduate school.
Yueyue's father happens to be a senior executive of the History Corporation
With him, I can save many years of struggle
And your college degree is now just a waiter
This 200 yuan will be regarded as compensation for you.
Baby
This year
You have no money for postgraduate entrance examination
Life is me working outside to give you takeout
Pay the rent, take care of your diet
The result is
Just this 200 bucks
Okay.
I'm a graduate student condescending to fall in love with you
I didn't turn around and ask you for reputation damage
It's already pretty good.
Don't be ignorant
Jiang Yuhang
Don't go too far
Mingwei
Beixie
Feixian, you have been single for so many years
We all thought you'd never fall in love again
Why did Zhang Shaowei suddenly figure it out?
Multiple fiancées
Grandma has been urging the marriage
Even if it's good
Maybe it was fate that brought us together
So it was love at first sight.
Gu Shao is right
I fell in love with Bei Hyun at first sight
Why is the smell on his body
It's different from mine.